Using `chalk` in runtime (#1640)
RobinTail/express-zod-api: CHANGELOG.md

- **Breaking changes**:
  - `winston` is no longer a default logger;

>   - `createLogger()` argument is changed and it now returns a built-in logger instead of `winston`.

Author: ```suggestion
  - `createLogger()` argument is changed, and it now returns a built-in logger instead of `winston`.
```

  - `winston` is no longer a default logger;
  - `createLogger()` argument is changed, and it now returns a built-in logger instead of `winston`.
- Features:
  - New built-in console logger with colorful pretty inspections and basic methods only.
- How to migrate confidently:
  - If you're using a custom logger in config:
    - No action required.
  - If you're using `createLogger()` method in your code:

>     - Replace `winston` property to `chalk` one in its argument.

Author: ```suggestion
    - Replace the `winston` property with the `chalk` one in its argument.
```

>     - Replace the `winston` property with the `chalk` one in its argument.

Author: perhaps I can stop exposing it

Author: no
